UnitySaveSystem/Assets/com.seaqqull.save-system/Documentation/com.seaqqull.save-system.md, before:

# About Save-System package (`com.seaqqull.save-system`)

## Package contents

The following table describes the package folder structure:

| **Location**           | **Description**                                                         |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| _Documentation~_       | Contains the documentation for the Unity package.                       |
| _Editor_               | Contains utilities for Editor windows and drawers.                      |
| _Runtime_              | Contains core C# APIs for integrating Save-System into your Unity scene.|
| Samples                | Contains examples of usage.                                             |

<a name="Installation"></a>

## Installation

### Local Installation
You can [add the local](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-local.html)
`com.seaqqull.save-system` package (from the repository that you just cloned) to your
project by:

1. navigating to the menu `Window` -> `Package Manager`.
2. In the package manager window click on the `+` button on the top left of the packages list).
3. Select `Add package from disk...`
4. Navigate into the `com.seaqqull.save-system` folder.
5. Select the `package.json` file.

Commit message:

Update: Samples as dedicated repository
 Description:
 - Now Save-System doesn't have any additional dependencies.

UnitySaveSystem/Assets/com.seaqqull.save-system/Documentation/com.seaqqull.save-system.md, after:

# About Save-System package (`com.seaqqull.save-system`)

## Package contents

The following table describes the package folder structure:

| **Location**           | **Description**                                                         |
| ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| _Documentation~_       | Contains the documentation for the Unity package.                       |
| _Editor_               | Contains utilities for Editor windows and drawers.                      |
| _Runtime_              | Contains core C# APIs for integrating Save-System into your Unity scene.|

<a name="Installation"></a>

## Installation

### Local Installation
You can [add the local](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-local.html)
`com.seaqqull.save-system` package (from the repository that you just cloned) to your
project by:

1. Navigating to the menu `Window` -> `Package Manager`.
2. In the package manager window click on the `+` button on the top left of the packages list.
3. Select `Add package from disk...`
4. Navigate into the `com.seaqqull.save-system` folder.
5. Select the `package.json` file.

### Github via Package Manager
1. Navigate to the menu `Window` -> `Package Manager`.
2. In the package manager window click on the `+` button on the top left of the packages list.
3. Select `Add package from git URL...`
4. Enter "https://github.com/Seaqqull/unity-save-system.git?path=/UnitySaveSystem/Assets/com.seaqqull.save-system".
5. Click `Add` button.
